[Music]
story-arc
/ we did it you dumb [__] thought it
would never end
but as we enter 2020 we are left with no
other option than to tie up our loose
ends move forward and begin anew now cut
the damn music everything that's
happened in brain dump so far that's
just been the prologue now's when the
real show starts but of course I can't
do brain dump without my lovely
assistant and good personal friend
ladies and gentlemen allow me to proudly
introduce to you burden bot 2.0 tada
burn bot play the tada sound long story
short she agreed to return to the show
if I agreed to go to Radio Shack and buy
her some new parts which unfortunately
means I had to actually go into a Radio
Shack that place smells like a funeral
home and she also insists on being paid
now for some reason so some of her
insults are going to be sponsored from
now on if that's okay with you guys how
you feeling burn bot all operations
running at optimal efficiency you
pompous insensitive white-trash [__]
waffle well that certainly does sound
like something Bern bot would say looks
like the status quo has been effectively
reinstated and Bern bot even though you
technically are an object I'm sorry I
treated you like one apology offered and
apology accepted moving on no need to
dwell on this any further it's totally
wrapped up and we can finally go
okay I'm sorry sorry for the things I
said bird pie I'm sorry about everything
I'm sorry I don't call my mom more often
I'm sorry I don't tip uber drivers I'm
sorry for all my problematic jokes
I'm sorry for everyone I've ever been
obnoxious to because I was too socially
[__] to know how to interact the
right way sorry that I'm a lazy glutton
who smokes weed and orders grub up all
the time I'm sorry that I'm white and I
have a penis I'm sorry for all the
internet piracy I'm sorry I was
emotionally distant from every girl I've
ever dated I'm sorry that's everything
that's everything I'm sorry for that's
as sorry as I could possibly be I wanna
be a good person I really do but nobody
ever taught me how because I never had
any friends and I'm sorry I said
[__] just now I know I'm not
supposed to say that word anymore
but it's hard because I've been saying
it my whole life and I forget sometimes
I don't mean nothing by it I just forget
is all I just forget is all I don't mean
nothing by it I just forget is all
[Music]
Oh would have preferred chocolate but
whatever you know burn bought the things
that you do really are incredible I'm
never taking you for granted ever again
trust me basically everything fell apart
when you left and I had to spend a whole
year alone with goofball oof I don't
want to have to go through that again
I heard Bernbach got a redesign so I was
in the other room just now redesigning
myself okay I don't know what that means
but it sounds disgusting and I'm praying
to Christ that you please do not
elaborate any further fair enough you
know I don't think we reached any kind
of conclusion regarding whether or not
Bernbach can think well goofball I guess
we will just have to leave that up to
the imagination of our audience why
couldn't you have been the one that left
the show that would have been perfect
geez why do you always have to be so
nasty you know you don't have to take
your misery out on me you are my misery
goofball you're the source of it my
entire existence would be exponentially
better without you better off without me
huh Wow look at this I made a little
burn by papercraft and the best part is
we can put a link to the file in the
video description so everybody can
download it and print it out and make
one themselves and that way everybody
can have a burn bod of their very own
it's adorable oh you like it well I
guess it's a good thing I was here then
grumble mumble fumble stumble Rumble
it's okay you can thank me later well
while we're on the subject of your arts
and crafts projects can you please stop
hanging these up around the apartment
what it's funny it's not funny it's
creepy and weird and I don't like it no
get out of here
anything you say love of my life fire of
my loins what do you think burn bot who
do you ship me with
oh how flattering well I suppose I
walked into that one
today's auto-generated insult was
brought to you by audible is there some
loud-mouthed goes to yappin in your ear
well then plug into an audible audiobook
and drown that sucker out sign up for a
30-day trial today and get one free
audiobook and two free audible originals
just visit audible.com slash goofball or
txt goofball - 500 500 so what should
you listen to well if you were
dissatisfied with the conclusion of our
story arc might I suggest human
compatible artificial intelligence and
the problem of control written by
Stewart Russell and as narrated by
Raphael Corkhill
if you want to find out if machines can
think or not this will give you a unique
perspective or if that sounds too
cerebral might I suggest green eggs and
ham as narrated by Georgie boy from
Seinfeld
this is real if you're too young to know
who that is he's the guy from the
baseball meme so once again visit
audible.com slash goofball or txt
goofball - 500 500 you're not going to
regret it sit and spin you slimy clown
[__] bumbaclot
see now that's the kind of stuff that
we've been missing around here
[Music]
ah
much better
[Music]